The 3D virtual environment with ReadyPlayerMe API is a web-based application that provides users with an immersive experience of exploring a virtual room.
Users have default avatar with ReadyPlayerMe API. The application supports real-time multiplayer functionality,
Provide users to interact with other participants within the same room and communicate using the chat feature.

1. Getting Started And Project Setup

Project Setup: To begin, create a new project setup for the server side and also the client side.
Dependencies: We have installed the required dependencies, including Three.js, React-Three-Fiber, ReadyPlayerMe API, and other packages as needed in the project.
Version Control: Initialize a version control system git to control the staging of my project.


2. Designing the Virtual Environment

Layout and Design: Planning the virtual room, including the placement of objects, lighting, and textures.
For this project for virtual, download the Virtual Room 3D Model from https://sketchfab.com/.
Room Dimensions and Navigation: Mentioning the room's dimensions and scale  for user navigation in a range for this virtual environment.

3. Implementing the 3D Environment with And  Three.js Integrating ReadyPlayerMe API

Set up this project in React Js, That's why I'm not using the Core three.js, instead of this I m using React-three-fiber.
Link - https://docs.pmnd.rs/react-three-fiber/getting-started/introduction.
Scene, Camera, and Lighting: Create a scene, camera, and lighting to establish a realistic environment. Here come React-three-fiber with pre-syntax, 
 Which made code easy, with all three.js features.

Loading 3D Models and Materials: Load 3D models into the scene from API and also from downloaded models.
Navigation Controls: Implement navigation control to allow users to move around the room a.


4. Implementing Multiplayer Functionality and Chat Functionality 

Multiplayer: For real-time multiplayer, in this project, I'm using socket.io.
RealTime Chat: For real-time Chat, This project is using socket.io.
Server-Side Set up: Set up server-side to handle multiplayer connections and chat.
Client-Side Connection: Implement client-side code to establish connections with the server for multiplayer and chat.
Synchronizing Avatar: For realTime avatar movements and actions are synchronized across all participants within the same environment.
Real-time Chat: Implement real-time communication features, such as sending and receiving chat messages between connected users.
